Excel sheet explanation

Functional Dimension Tab (1D)

In start: Standard columns Self defining. Name of the person as person who's KRA's and everything else is going to be set, among other things as per the columns. Date of joining is there , the designation , from which department he belongs and who is he getting reviewed by, also the Q1,Q2,Q3,Q4 dates are mentioned , And he review is overseed by LCPL's facilitator(Can be different for each quarter). 

Main content : KRA (these are like task /goals for the person) , KPI(How he/she gonna achieve that and in how much time ) , Reports generated (Proof of the KRA's if it done or not), Wt stands for weightage (A value given to each KRA in %) it doesn't matter how many KRA's are there for a person but their combined value should come to 100%. Weightage is given for each KRA on the bases of how critical that task is to the person. Also, the weightage can be different in another quarter if the criticality of the KRA changes. The comes the Pilot , this is a staring Score given to the person a basis score to judge how well he/she does in that quarter , how well the KRA's are completed depending on that the score is given on the next quarter. If a KRA is done the score will increase if not the score will go down. The scores are in decimal but there range is Minimum is 0 and max score is 5. Actual Perf/Comment are comments about the KRA's. 

After all this the scores are calculated according to the formulas in the sheet.

Organizational Dimension Tab(2D)

This is for the core values of an ORG what they believe , what the follow.
These are almost same for every person. here also a pilot score is set to judge how well they were practiced and depending on that scores are given. 

Self Development Tab (3D)

This for the individual for growth of him/herself 
The colums here are pretty self explanatory 

Developing others Tab (4D)

This tab is only valid for those how have a team of people reporting to them.
When I person under them have a Score 2 or below in there Self Developing that thing and  perosn should automatically added in this tab to For his/her development.

Score Tab
Same for this every column is self explanatory.
All these are given some Weight at the Start.
1st D being the Most Crucial one , and then 2D and he the rest. 
Ofcourse there are some rules to this too . The addition of All for should be 100%. 
As per the weight for example 1D is 60% , 2D is 20% , 3D is 10% , 4D is 10%.
So whatever score of each Dimension come to, like 1d will have some score and it's 60% will be in the final same for every other Dimension. 
And the it is Display IN Graphs and all .


All this things are calculated as per the Formulas present in the sheet. 
This is for only 1 person . as per these every person in the org get his own sheet. 



